Add Digital Twin Provider Tutorial (#68)
eclipse-ibeji/ibeji: docs/tutorials/provider/README.md

#### Implement the Operations for the Sample Digital Twin Provider Interface

1. Reference the [code for implementing the operations for the sample digital twin provider interface](../../../samples/mixed/provider/src/provider_impl.rs). Please only consider the implementations for the `Subscribe`, `Set` and `Invoke` operations.

1. There is an import statement for the in-vehicle digital model that you have previously constructed in the [Tutorial: Create an In-Vehicle Model with DTDL](../in_vehicle_model/README.md):

```rust
use digital_twin_model::sdv_v1 as sdv;
```

1. The implementation of the `Set` operation references the signals *is air conditioning active* and *ambient air temperature*.

1. The implementation of the `Invoke` operation references the command *show notification*.

## 2. Register Digital Twin Provider with the In-Vehicle Digital Twin Service

You have defined a sample interface with the following operations: `Subscribe`, `Set` and `Invoke` operations. You have implemented the functionality for each operation.

> You will need to register your digital twin provider with the [In-Vehicle Digital Twin Service](../../../README.md#high-level-design). This registration will make your digital twin provider discoverable to digital twin consumers through the In-Vehicle Digital Twin Service.

Reviewer: .. discoverable by ..

> >[In-Vehicle Digital Twin Service:](../../../README.md#high-level-design) "Ibeji's architecture has an In-Vehicle Digital Twin Service at its core. The In-Vehicle Digital Twin Service captures all of the vehicle's primary capabilities and makes them available to Ibeji consumers".

Reviewer: Again, I would just copy the content rather than quote it.

1. Reference the [main.rs file of your digital twin provider](../../../samples/mixed/provider/src/main.rs). The main.rs file outlines the behavior of the signals in your digital twin provider sample. This includes a vehicle simulator that can emulate changes in its signals. These changes are then published to any digital twin consumers that have subscribed to your digital twin provider.

1. One function of particular interest in the [main.rs](../../../samples/mixed/provider/src/main.rs) file is the register function.

> ```rust

Reviewer: Is it wise to include Rust helper functions in this tutorial?  Shouldn't this tutorial also help those using languages other than Rust?  I would focus more on the gRPC proto files.

Author: I've added some Rust example sections, and explicitly highlighted that other programming languages can be used.

Reviewer 2: If someone makes a sample in a different language we could always ask them to provide an example in that language here, I would say having some example code is better than no code.

Author: I added your suggestion @devkelley! I've included new sample tutorial code for a provider and consumer.

/// Register the entities endpoints.
///
/// # Arguments
/// * `invehicle_digital_twin_uri` - The In-Vehicle Digital Twin URI.
/// * `provider_uri` - The provider's URI.
async fn register_entities(
    invehicle_digital_twin_uri: &str,
    provider_uri: &str,
) -> Result<(), Status> { .. }
```

The `register_entities` function in this sample digital twin provider exemplifies the process of registering with the In-Vehicle Digital Twin Service.

### 2.1 Run Sample Digital Twin Provider

Please refer to these [instructions](../../../README.md#mixed-sample) to run your sample digital twin provider.

## 3. (Optional) Add Managed Subscribe to Digital Twin Provider

> >[Managed Subscribe:](../../../samples/managed_subscribe/README.md#introduction) "The managed subscribe sample shows how Ibeji can extend its functionality with modules to give providers and consumers more capabilities. This sample utilizes the 'Managed Subscribe' module to allow a consumer to get an MQTT subscription for the AmbientAirTemperature value of a vehicle at a specific frequency in milliseconds. The provider, through the module, will publish the temperature value at the requested frequency for each consumer on its own topic and once the consumer disconnects it will stop publishing to that dynamically generated topic".

Reviewer: This should focus on the methods in the associated proto files.

Author: I've updated this section to include references to the protobuf file.

Adding the `Managed Subscribe` module for your digital twin provider is optional. However, here are some reasons why you might want to consider using the `Managed Subscribe` module for your digital twin provider:

> - Efficient Data Management: Allows your digital twin provider to efficiently manage the data being sent to its digital twin consumers. Your digital twin provider only needs to publish data when there is a change, so it reduces unnecessary data transmission.

Reviewer: Make sure that you draw out that managed subscriber is for when you use MQTT, not all messages.  It "may" also support other message queueing protocols, like AMPQ.  Please consult with Devin about this.

Reviewer 2: I think it would be good to add somewhere that: "The current implementation of the Managed Subscribe Module expects to utilize the Agemo Service. This service currently requires the use of an MQTT broker for communication between publishers and subscribers."

1. A digital twin consumer should utilize the `Subscribe` operation to consume the `ambient air temperature` and the `is air conditioning active` in-vehicle signals.

1. A digital twin consumer should utilize the `Set` operation to set the value of an in-vehicle signal.

1. A digital twin consumer should utilize the `Invoke` operation to send a `show notification` command.

### 1.2 Implement the Operations for the Digital Twin Provider Interface

You have defined your [digital twin provider interface](../../../samples/interfaces/sample_grpc/v1/digital_twin_provider.proto). Let's implement the functionality for the `Subscribe`, `Set` and `Invoke` operations.

#### Implement the Operations for the Sample Digital Twin Provider Interface

1. Reference the [code for implementing the operations for the sample digital twin provider interface](../../../samples/mixed/provider/src/provider_impl.rs). Please only consider the implementations for the `Subscribe`, `Set` and `Invoke` operations.

> 1. Observe at the beginning of the code, where you see the import statement for the in-vehicle digital model that you have previously constructed in the [Tutorial: Create an In-Vehicle Model with DTDL](../in_vehicle_model/README.md).

Author: I've applied your suggestion and removed the "at the beginning of the code" part.

```rust
use digital_twin_model::sdv_v1 as sdv;
```

1. The implementation of the `Set` operation references the signals `is air conditioning active` and `ambient air temperature`.

1. The implementation of the `Invoke` operation references the command `show notification`.

## 2. Register Digital Twin Provider with the In-Vehicle Digital Twin Service

You have defined a sample interface with the following operations: `Subscribe`, `Set` and `Invoke` operations. You have implemented the functionality for each operation.

You will need to register your digital twin provider with the [In-Vehicle Digital Twin Service](../../../README.md#high-level-design). This registration will make your digital twin provider discoverable to digital twin consumers through the In-Vehicle Digital Twin Service.

> >[In-Vehicle Digital Twin Service:](../../../README.md#high-level-design) "Ibeji's architecture has an In-Vehicle Digital Twin Service at its core. The In-Vehicle Digital Twin Service captures all of the vehicle's primary capabilities and makes them available to Ibeji consumers. Another component in Ibeji's architecture is the Provider. A vehicle may have one or more providers. A provider exposes a subset of the vehicle's primary capabilities by registering them with the In-Vehicle Digital Twin Service. Once registered with the In-Vehicle Digital Twin Service they can in turn be offered to Ibeji consumers. Each capability includes meta data that allow Ibeji consumers to comprehend the nature of the capability, how to work with it and how it can be remotely accessed".

Author: I changed this to only quote "Ibeji's architecture has an In-Vehicle Digital Twin Service at its core. The In-Vehicle Digital Twin Service captures all of the vehicle's primary capabilities and makes them available to Ibeji consumer".

- Customized Frequency: Digital twin consumers can specify the frequency at which they want to receive updates. This allows for more tailored data delivery and can improve a digital twin consumer's experience.

- Automated Unsubscription: The feature automatically stops publishing to a topic once all the digital twin consumers disconnect. This helps in resource optimization and ensures that data is not being sent to inactive digital twin consumers.

- Scalability: Managed Subscribe can handle a large number of digital twin consumers, making it a good choice for your digital twin provider that is expected to have many digital twin consumers subscribed to it.

- Enhanced Capabilities: The Managed Subscribe module extends the functionality of a digital twin provider.

If you decide to incorporate the `Managed Subscribe` module into your digital twin provider, please consult the [documentation for the Managed Subscribe Sample](../../../samples/managed_subscribe/README.md), and the [code for the Managed Subscribe Sample provider](../../../samples/managed_subscribe/provider/src/) for guidance.

## Next Steps

> - Learn how to create an Ibeji Digital Twin Consumer in Tutorial: Create a Digital Twin Consumer

Reviewer 3: I'm guessing this is coming very soon so it's probably not a big deal, but my general suggestion is to not include incomplete stubs like this

Author: I've removed this sentence for now, and I'll bring it back once I complete the DT consumer tutorial.

- Basic knowledge about the [gRPC protocol](https://grpc.io/docs/what-is-grpc/introduction/).

## 1. Create an Ibeji Digital Twin Provider

In this section, you will learn how to develop a digital twin provider that communicates with its digital twin consumers via [gRPC](https://grpc.io/docs/what-is-grpc/introduction/). It is important to note that digital twin providers in Ibeji are protocol-agnostic. This means they are not restricted to using gRPC and can employ other communication protocols.

The `{repo-root-dir}/samples/tutorial` directory contains code for the sample digital twin provider used in this tutorial. The `{repo-root-dir}/digital-twin-model/src` contains the in-vehicle model in Rust code that you have constructed in [Tutorial: Create an In-Vehicle Model with DTDL](../in_vehicle_model/README.md) along with additional signals not needed for this tutorial.

Throughout this tutorial, the sample contents in the `{repo-root-dir}/samples/tutorial` directory are referenced to guide you through the process of creating a digital twin provider.

### 1.1 Define Digital Twin Provider Interface

> A digital twin provider needs an interface. The interface will expose operations that allow digital twin consumers to access a subset of in-vehicle signals that your digital provider makes available.

Reviewer: I would drop "a subset of", as I feel that it is not needed and does not add clarity.

### 2.1 Rust Sample Registration of a Digital Twin Provider

This section uses the [sample digital twin provider interface](#sample-digital-twin-provider-interface), and covers a *sample* Rust implementation of a provider registering the signals *ambient air temperature* and *is air conditioning active* and the command *show notification*

1. Reference the [main.rs file of the sample digital twin provider](../../../samples/tutorial/provider/src/main.rs). The main.rs file outlines the behavior of the signals in your digital twin provider sample. This includes a vehicle simulator that can emulate changes in its signals. These changes are then published to any digital twin consumers that have subscribed to your digital twin provider.

1. One function of particular interest in the [main.rs](../../../samples/tutorial/provider/src/main.rs) file is the `register_entities` function.

```rust
/// Register the entities endpoints.
///
/// # Arguments
/// * `invehicle_digital_twin_uri` - The In-Vehicle Digital Twin URI.
/// * `provider_uri` - The provider's URI.
async fn register_entities(
    invehicle_digital_twin_uri: &str,
    provider_uri: &str,
) -> Result<(), Status> { .. }
```

> The `register_entities` function in this Rust sample digital twin provider showcases the process of registering with the In-Vehicle Digital Twin Service.

Reviewer: "shows" rather than "showcases"

1. Reference the [main.rs file of your digital twin provider](../../../samples/mixed/provider/src/main.rs). The main.rs file outlines the behavior of the signals in your digital twin provider sample. This includes a vehicle simulator that can emulate changes in its signals. These changes are then published to any digital twin consumers that have subscribed to your digital twin provider.

1. One function of particular interest in the [main.rs](../../../samples/mixed/provider/src/main.rs) file is the register function.

```rust
/// Register the entities endpoints.
///
/// # Arguments
/// * `invehicle_digital_twin_uri` - The In-Vehicle Digital Twin URI.
/// * `provider_uri` - The provider's URI.
async fn register_entities(
    invehicle_digital_twin_uri: &str,
    provider_uri: &str,
) -> Result<(), Status> { .. }
```

The `register_entities` function in this Rust sample digital twin provider showcases the process of registering with the In-Vehicle Digital Twin Service.

#### Run the Sample Digital Twin Provider

Please refer to these [instructions](../../../README.md#mixed-sample) to run your sample digital twin provider.

## 3. Add Managed Subscribe to Digital Twin Provider

> >[Managed Subscribe:](../../../samples/managed_subscribe/README.md#introduction) The managed subscribe sample shows how Ibeji can extend its functionality with modules to give providers and consumers more capabilities. This sample utilizes the 'Managed Subscribe' module to allow a consumer to get an MQTT subscription for the AmbientAirTemperature value of a vehicle at a specific frequency in milliseconds. The provider, through the module, will publish the temperature value at the requested frequency for each consumer on its own topic and once the consumer disconnects it will stop publishing to that dynamically generated topic.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>[Managed Subscribe:](../../../samples/managed_subscribe/README.md#introduction) The managed subscribe sample shows how Ibeji can extend its functionality with modules to give providers and consumers more capabilities. This sample utilizes the 'Managed Subscribe' module to allow a consumer to get an MQTT subscription for the AmbientAirTemperature value of a vehicle at a specific frequency in milliseconds. The provider, signaled with the help of the module, will publish the temperature value at the requested frequency for each consumer on its own topic and once the consumer unsubscribes and disconnects it will stop publishing to that dynamically generated topic.
```

I think I wanted to stress 2 things here:
- The provider is still ultimately responsible for publishing to the topic. The module gets the necessary information (topic, broker uri, frequency) from Agemo and the consumer and forwards that to the provider, but the provider doesnt use the module for publishing. I think the above suggestion gets that across but am open to other wordings
- Right now a limitation of Agemo requires consumers to unsubscribe from the topic before disconnecting.

Adding the `Managed Subscribe` module for your digital twin provider is **optional**. However, here are some reasons why you might want to consider using the `Managed Subscribe` module for your digital twin provider:

- Efficient Data Management: Allows your digital twin provider to efficiently manage the data being sent to its digital twin consumers. Your digital twin provider only needs to publish data when there is a change, so it reduces unnecessary data transmission.

- Customized Frequency: Digital twin consumers can specify the frequency at which they want to receive updates. This allows for more tailored data delivery and can improve a digital twin consumer's experience.

> - Automated Unsubscription: The feature automatically stops publishing to a topic once all the digital twin consumers disconnect. This helps in resource optimization and ensures that data is not being sent to inactive digital twin consumers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Automated Topic Cleanup: The feature automatically stops publishing to a topic once all the digital twin consumers have unsubscribed. This helps in resource optimization and ensures that data is not being sent to inactive digital twin consumers.
```

Currently, the module will auto delete the topic once there are no more subscribers and notify the publisher at the same time.

The [digital twin provider sample interface](../../../samples/interfaces/sample_grpc/v1/digital_twin_provider.proto) serves as an example of what a digital twin provider's interface could look like. Feel free to replicate these operation names, modify them, or even add new ones as per your requirements. These operations are non-prescriptive. It is up to the developers of the in-vehicle digital twin to come up with their own convention.

#### Sample Digital Twin Provider Interface

This section provides an example of a digital twin provider interface. To reiterate, you are free to use this interface as a starting point or you may come up with your own convention.

1. Consider the in-vehicle signals *ambient air temperature* and *is air conditioning active*, as well as the command *show notification* that you defined in the [Tutorial: Create an In-Vehicle Model with DTDL](../in_vehicle_model/README.md).

1. Reference the digital twin provider sample interface below which is defined using a protobuf file:

>   ```proto

Reviewer 3: Including code snippets like this and the rust ones later on means less clicks for people reading the doc, but it also means that it's very easy for this to diverge if the code it's referencing ever changes. I'm not sure which is more preferable and it seems opinions might be divided in this PR, but we should consider whether the convenience of having code copied into readmes is worth the maintenance cost. Having tutorials stop working because someone forgot to update the code snippet is not a great scenario

Author: I've added new sample code for this tutorial. The tutorial code is tied to this document, so if the tutorial code changes then this document may need to be potentially updated.

I've removed copying the contents of a protobuf file like I've done in this past commit, and instead I referred the user to the specific proto file

  }

  message SetResponse {}

  message InvokeRequest {
    string entity_id = 1;
    string consumer_uri = 2;
    string response_id = 3;
    string payload = 4;
  }

  message InvokeResponse {}
  ```

In this digital twin provider sample interface, the conventions that the Ibeji samples enforce are as follows:

- A digital twin consumer should utilize the `Subscribe` operation to consume the *ambient air temperature* and the *is air conditioning active* in-vehicle signals.

- A digital twin consumer should utilize the `Set` operation to set the value of an in-vehicle signal.

- A digital twin consumer should utilize the `Invoke` operation to send a *show notification* command.

When introducing additional signals and commands, it iss crucial to carefully select the operation(s) that best align with the behavior of each signal or command. This ensures a seamless integration and optimal performance of your system.

### 1.2 Implement the Operations of a Digital Twin Provider Interface

You have defined your digital twin provider interface.

The following lists out the flow for implementing the operations of a digital twin interface in the programming language of your choice:

> Here is a guide to implementing these operations for your digital twin interface:

Reviewer 3: this is redundant with the sentence above, keep only one of them

> 1. Choose Your Programming Language: Since the operations are defined in a protobuf file, you can select any programming language that supports protobufs.  This includes languages like Python, Java, C++, Go, etc.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Choose Your Programming Language: Since the operations are defined in a protobuf file, you can select any programming language that supports protobufs. This includes languages like Rust, Python, Java, C++, Go, etc.
```

1. In your implementation, import the code of your in-vehicle digital twin model that you have created in the [Tutorial: Create an In-Vehicle Model with DTDL](../in_vehicle_model/README.md#3-translating-dtdl-to-code).

> 1. Implement the protobuf methods you have defined in your interface. This involves writing the logic for what should happen to each in-vehicle signal or command when each operation is called. If you are using the [sample digital twin provider interface](#sample-digital-twin-provider-interface), you need to implement the functionality for the `Subscribe`, `Set` and `Invoke` operations. These operations have been defined in a protobuf file, which gives you the flexibility to implement them in any programming language you prefer.

Reviewer 3: We probably don't need that last sentence about other programing languages again, we've already covered that above

- [1. Create an Ibeji Digital Twin Provider](#1-create-an-ibeji-digital-twin-provider)
  - [1.1 Define Digital Twin Provider Interface](#11-define-digital-twin-provider-interface)
    - [Sample Digital Twin Provider Interface](#sample-digital-twin-provider-interface)
  - [1.2 Implement the Operations of a Digital Twin Provider Interface](#12-implement-the-operations-of-a-digital-twin-provider-interface)
    - [Rust Sample Implementation of the Sample Interface](#rust-sample-implementation-of-the-sample-interface)
- [2. Register a Digital Twin Provider with the In-Vehicle Digital Twin Service](#2-register-digital-twin-provider-with-the-in-vehicle-digital-twin-service)
  - [2.1 Rust Sample Registration of a Digital Twin Provider](#21-rust-sample-registration-of-a-digital-twin-provider)
    - [Run the Sample Digital Twin Provider](#run-the-sample-digital-twin-provider)
- [3. Add Managed Subscribe to Digital Twin Provider](#3-add-managed-subscribe-to-digital-twin-provider)
- [Next Steps](#next-steps)

## Introduction

> >[Digital Twin Provider:](../../../README.md#high-level-design) A provider exposes a subset of the vehicle's primary capabilities by registering them with the In-Vehicle Digital Twin Service. Once registered with the In-Vehicle Digital Twin Service they can in turn be offered to Ibeji consumers. Each capability includes metadata that allows Ibeji consumers to comprehend the nature of the capability, how to work with it and how it can be remotely accessed.

Reviewer: .. vehicle's hardware capabilities ..

1. In your implementation, import the code of your in-vehicle digital twin model that you have created in the [Tutorial: Create an In-Vehicle Model with DTDL](../in_vehicle_model/README.md#3-translating-dtdl-to-code).

1. Implement the methods you have defined in your interface. This involves writing the logic for what should happen to each in-vehicle signal or command when each operation is called. If you are using the [sample digital twin provider interface](#sample-digital-twin-provider-interface), you need to implement the functionality for the `Get` and `Invoke` operations.

1. For each method you implement, you can reference an in-vehicle signal or command using the code of your in-vehicle digital twin model.

> It is important to understand the requirements of each operation and then translating those requirements into code. Please feel free to contribute to Ibeji by submitting a pull request with your samples whether they are in Rust or in a different programming language.

Author: Changed this sentence to `In order to translate your operations into code, it is important to understand the requirements of each operation.`

A digital twin provider needs an interface. The interface will expose operations that allow digital twin consumers to access a subset of in-vehicle signals that your digital provider makes available.

> >Tip: A suggested approach to defining your digital twin provider is adopt the perspective of a digital twin consumer. This requires consideration of the operations and their corresponding names to interact with each in-vehicle signal and command. For example, for the [digital twin provider sample interface](../../../samples/interfaces/sample_grpc/v1/digital_twin_provider.proto), the specified operations are `Subscribe`, `Unsubscribe`, `Get`, `Set`, `Invoke` and `Stream`.

Reviewer: .. approach for defining ...is to adopt ...

> >Tip: A suggested approach to defining your digital twin provider is adopt the perspective of a digital twin consumer. This requires consideration of the operations and their corresponding names to interact with each in-vehicle signal and command. For example, for the [digital twin provider sample interface](../../../samples/interfaces/sample_grpc/v1/digital_twin_provider.proto), the specified operations are `Subscribe`, `Unsubscribe`, `Get`, `Set`, `Invoke` and `Stream`.

Reviewer: .. corresponding names for interacting with ..

The [digital twin provider sample interface](../../../samples/interfaces/sample_grpc/v1/digital_twin_provider.proto) serves as an example of what a digital twin provider's interface could look like. Feel free to replicate these operation names, modify them, or even add new ones as per your requirements. These operations are non-prescriptive. It is up to the developers of the in-vehicle digital twin to come up with their own convention.

#### Sample Digital Twin Provider Interface

> This section provides an example of a digital twin provider interface. To reiterate, you are free to use this interface as a starting point or you may come up with your own convention.

Reviewer: .. convention for the operations.

      rpc Subscribe (SubscribeRequest) returns (SubscribeResponse);
      rpc Get (GetRequest) returns (GetResponse);
      rpc Set (SetRequest) returns (SetResponse);
      rpc Invoke (InvokeRequest) returns (InvokeResponse);
      rpc Stream(StreamRequest) returns (stream StreamResponse);
  }

  message SubscribeRequest {
    string entity_id = 1;
    string consumer_uri = 2;
  }

  message SubscribeResponse {}

  message SetRequest {
    string entity_id = 1;
    string value = 2;
  }

  message SetResponse {}

  message InvokeRequest {
    string entity_id = 1;
    string consumer_uri = 2;
    string response_id = 3;
    string payload = 4;
  }

  message InvokeResponse {}
  ```

In this digital twin provider sample interface, the conventions that the Ibeji samples enforce are as follows:

- A digital twin consumer should utilize the `Subscribe` operation to consume the *ambient air temperature* and the *is air conditioning active* in-vehicle signals.

- A digital twin consumer should utilize the `Set` operation to set the value of an in-vehicle signal.

- A digital twin consumer should utilize the `Invoke` operation to send a *show notification* command.

> When introducing additional signals and commands, it iss crucial to carefully select the operation(s) that best align with the behavior of each signal or command. This ensures a seamless integration and optimal performance of your system.

Reviewer: typo: iss

1. In your implementation, import the code of your in-vehicle digital twin model that you have created in the [Tutorial: Create an In-Vehicle Model with DTDL](../in_vehicle_model/README.md#3-translating-dtdl-to-code).

1. Implement the operations you have defined in your interface. This involves writing the logic for what should happen to each in-vehicle signal or command when each operation is called. If you are using the [sample digital twin provider interface](#sample-digital-twin-provider-interface), you need to implement the functionality for the `Get` and `Invoke` operations.

> 1. For each opeartion you implement, you can reference an in-vehicle signal or command using the code of your in-vehicle digital twin model.

Reviewer 3: sp: operation
